# QuoteDetailsResponse


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**quote_name** | **str** | Quote Name given to quote by sales team or system generated.  Generally used as a reference to identify the quote. | [optional] 
**quote_number** | **str** | Unique identifier generated by Ingram Micro&#39;s CRM specific to each quote.  When applying a filter to the quoteNumber and including a partial quote number in the filter, all quotes containing any information included in the filter can be retrieved as a subset of all available customer quotes. | [optional] 
**revision** | **str** | When a quote has been revised and updated, the quote number remains the same throughout the lifecycle of the quote, however, a Revision number is updated for each revision of the quote.  The revision numbers is associated with the Unique Quote Number. | [optional] 
**ingram_quote_date** | **str** | Date the Quote was initially Created. | [optional] 
**last_modified_date** | **str** | Date the Quote was last updated or modified. | [optional] 
**ingram_quote_expiry_date** | **str** | Quote expiration date. | [optional] 
**currency_code** | **str** | Three letter currency code. | [optional] 
**closing_reason** | **str** | Closing Reason for quote. | [optional] 
**special_bid_id** | **str** | Price discount identifyer to specify  a pricing discount that has been applied to the quote. If present - the priceDeviationStartDate and priceDeviationExpiryDate must be presented. Cisco refers to this as a Dart | [optional] 
**special_bid_effective_date** | **str** | If price discount has been applied to the quote - the starting date the discount begins. | [optional] 
**special_bid_expiration_date** | **str** | If a price discount has been applied to the quote - The date the discount expires and will no longer be applicable. | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | This refers to the primary status of the quote.  API responses will return | [optional] 
**customer_need** | **str** | Details related to the customer&#39;s request for the quote entered by the sales representative or system generated. | [optional] 
**proposed_solution** | **str** | Ingram Micro proposed solution and summary of quote. | [optional] 
**intro_preamble** | **str** | Introductory paragraph included in each quote.  Legally required - must be included when presenting the quote details. | [optional] 
**purchase_instructions** | **str** | Purchase instructions.  Legally required - must be included when presenting the quote details. | [optional] 
**legal_terms** | **str** | Legal terms -  Legally required - must be included when presenting the quote details. | [optional] 
**quote_type** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**lease_info** | **str** | Lease information. | [optional] 
**leasing_instructions** | **str** | Leasing information | [optional] 
**reseller_info** | [**QuoteDetailsResponseResellerInfo**](QuoteDetailsResponseResellerInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**end_user_info** | [**QuoteDetailsResponseEndUserInfo**](QuoteDetailsResponseEndUserInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**products** | [**List[QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInner]**](QuoteDetailsResponseProductsInner.md) |  | [optional] 
**products_count** | **int** | Total number of products included in the quote | [optional] 
**extended_msrp_total** | **int** | Total extended MSRP for all products included in the quote | [optional] 
**quantity_total** | **int** | Total quantity of all items in the quote. | [optional] 
**extended_quote_price_total** | **int** | Total amount of quoted price for all products in the quote including both solution products and suggested products. | [optional] 
**additional_attributes** | [**List[QuoteDetailsResponseAdditionalAttributesInner]**](QuoteDetailsResponseAdditionalAttributesInner.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from xi.sdk.resellers.models.quote_details_response import QuoteDetailsResponse

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of QuoteDetailsResponse from a JSON string
quote_details_response_instance = QuoteDetailsResponse.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print QuoteDetailsResponse.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
quote_details_response_dict = quote_details_response_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of QuoteDetailsResponse from a dict
quote_details_response_form_dict = quote_details_response.from_dict(quote_details_response_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


