# QuoteSearchResponseQuotesInner


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**quote_name** | **str** | Quote Name given to quote by sales team or system generated.  Generally used as a reference to identify the quote. | [optional] 
**quote_number** | **str** | Unique identifier generated by Ingram Micros CRM specific to each quote.  When applying a filter to the quoteNumber and including a partial quote number in the filter, all quotes containing any information included in the filter can be retrieved as a subset of all available customer quotes. | [optional] 
**revision** | **str** | When a quote has been revised and updated, the quote number remains the same throughout the lifecycle of the quote, however, a Revision number is updated for each revision of the quote.  The revision numbers is associated with the Unique Quote Number. | [optional] 
**end_user_contact** | **str** | End User Name is the end customer name that is associated with a quote in Ingram Micros CRM. | [optional] 
**special_bid_number** | **str** | Special Pricing Bid Number, also refers to as Dart Number relates to a unique pricing deal associated with a vendor for the quote. | [optional] 
**quote_total** | **float** | Total amount of quoted price for all products in the quote. | [optional] 
**quote_status** | **str** | This refers to the primary status of the quote. | [optional] 
**ingram_quote_date** | **str** | Date the Quote was initially Created. | [optional] 
**last_modified_date** | **str** | Date the Quote was last updated or modified. | [optional] 
**ingram_quote_expiry_date** | **str** | Date when the Quote Expires. | [optional] 
**vendor** | **str** | Name of the vendor. | [optional] 
**created_by** | **str** | Name of the end user/customer who created a quote. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from xi-sdk-resellers-python.models.quote_search_response_quotes_inner import QuoteSearchResponseQuotesInner

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of QuoteSearchResponseQuotesInner from a JSON string
quote_search_response_quotes_inner_instance = QuoteSearchResponseQuotesInner.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print QuoteSearchResponseQuotesInner.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
quote_search_response_quotes_inner_dict = quote_search_response_quotes_inner_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of QuoteSearchResponseQuotesInner from a dict
quote_search_response_quotes_inner_form_dict = quote_search_response_quotes_inner.from_dict(quote_search_response_quotes_inner_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


